Note

Note to share 


What do I do: 
For work I do Business Analytics, it’s data analytics but focused on the business (ie. HR, payroll, budgets, benefits, etc). I live in Virginia/Northern Virginia/DC area and work in that area. I work for the US Government. If people happen to ask what I do you can share any of the above perfectly fine. I find it easier to speak about what I do and not who for, you really never even have to say who for and people are generally fine with that answer. 

How to answer if people ask: 
Conversations often follow a certain rhythm or flow, but you are in no way required to follow it. You do not have to answer any or all questions someone asks you. I find it easiest to keep things at the most basic level and transition topics quickly. I do data analytics, but.. starting a company on the side.. other hobbies.. what do you do… this is pretty much all I ever do and never have to really explain more other than at church… people love to know everything about you at church. 

Why:
So why do I not share exactly where I work? 1) I am doing analytics on an organization that has classified data or other sensitive information so I don’t speak about it just to avoid any situations that get into details. 2) There are other potential opportunities at this organization that I may be interested in, sometimes it requires that no one know where I work, so the more I can limit who knows to only those I trust the better. 

Oops:
If you do happen to say where I work to someone that is fine. For the most part it is okay and nothing bad will happen, again it is principally about limiting who knows to only those I know and trust. You don’t need to back peddle and say oh I shouldn’t have said that or ask them not to tell anyone, just move on, it’s fine.
If you have previously told someone something else that is fine, don’t correct them and go back on your words. It is easiest to just say I now for at a different place and continue as normal.

Who all knows: 
Know that there are only a few people who know my affiliation other than my colleagues. This includes you, Brandon (I assume Yidihani), Derek, Mom, and Dad. If someone not above claims they know and I told them you can safely assume that they don’t know. If you want to tell someone else please ask me before sharing. 

If you ever have questions about what I do please ask. I am more than happy to talk about my work, I will never say anything that is not allowed to be shared. I am less likely to get into more details on the phone or in public so I usually just keep it vague, but still happy to talk about how work is. I am more open about my work when we are in private, that doesn’t mean I am sharing information I am not allowed to share. 
 